                  SCALIX EVALUATION LICENSE AGREEMENT

                                   OR

               SCALIX COMMUNITY EDITION LICENSE AGREEMENT

                                   OR

                     SCALIX ENTERPRISE EDITION AND
                   SCALIX SMALL BUSINESS EDITION AND
                SCALIX HOSTING EDITION LICENSE AGREEMENT



THE SCALIX SOFTWARE (THE "SOFTWARE") YOU ARE INSTALLING IS LICENSED TO
YOU UNDER THE TERMS OF A SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT. IF YOU ARE
INSTALLING AN EVALUATION COPY OF SCALIX SOFTWARE, THE SCALIX EVALUATION
LICENSE AGREEMENT BELOW APPLIES. IF YOU ARE NOT INSTALLING AN EVALUATION
COPY OF SCALIX SOFTWARE, THEN ONE OF THE OTHER TWO LICENSE AGREEMENTS
BELOW APPLIES TO YOUR USE OF THE SOFTWARE. IF YOU RUN SCALIX WITHOUT A
VALID LICENSE KEY ENTERED DURING OR AFTER INSTALLATION, THEN YOU ARE
USING SCALIX COMMUNITY EDITION. IF YOU RUN SCALIX WITH A LICENSE KEY,
YOU ARE USING ONE OF SCALIX SMALL BUSINESS EDITION, SCALIX ENTERPRISE
EDITION OR SCALIX HOSTING EDITION LICENSE AGREEMENTS, AS SPECIFIED IN
THE APPLICABLE INVOICE.

INSTALLING THE SOFTWARE INDICATES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS AND
CONDITIONS OF THE APPLICABLE LICENSE AGREEMENT AND LEGALLY BINDS YOU TO
THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE APPLICABLE SCALIX LICENSE AGREEMENT. IF
YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS OF THE APPLICABLE SCALIX LICENSE
AGREEMENT, THEN DO NOT DOWNLOAD OR INSTALL THE SOFTWARE.

PLEASE PRINT A COPY OF THE APPLICABLE SCALIX LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR YOUR
FUTURE REFERENCE.



                  SCALIX EVALUATION LICENSE AGREEMENT


                            LICENSE

You may use the Scalix Server software only on one computer. You may use
the Scalix Connect software on any number of computers, provided that
you may configure and evaluate not more than the number of premium
mailboxes authorized by Scalix (and controlled by the license key issued
to you).

This license is a software evaluation license only. You are hereby
granted a license to install and use the Software for evaluation
purposes only. If you desire to continue to use the Software following
the end of the evaluation period, you must either purchase a commercial
license or use the software under the terms of the Scalix Community
Edition License Agreement set forth below.

You shall not cause or permit the reverse engineering, translation,
disassembly, or decompilation of, or otherwise attempt to derive the
source code of, the Software, whether in whole or in part. You shall not
yourself, and shall not permit or encourage any third party to, use the
Software on a service bureau basis, or rent, lease, distribute,
transfer, or make any derivative works of or changes, modifications, or
enhancements to the Software. You will not use the Software in any
manner that is a violation of law or regulation.

You shall not remove, alter, efface, or obscure any copyright notices or
other proprietary notices or legends from any Software, documentation or
other material provided hereunder.

Except as specifically provided herein, Scalix, Inc. and its licensors
retain and reserve all right, title, and interest in and to the
Software, including all intellectual property rights therein or relating
thereto.


                        EXCLUSION OF WARRANTY

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS,
IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF
PERFORMANCE, OR USAGE OF TRADE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE RESULTS AND
PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE IS ASSUMED BY YOU. SCALIX DOES NOT WARRANT
THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS
OR THAT THE OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR
FREE.

NEITHER SCALIX, INC. NOR ANYONE ELSE WHO HAS BEEN INVOLVED IN THE
CREATION, PRODUCTION, OR DELIVERY OF THIS SOFTWARE SHALL BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, LOST
PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR LOSS OF INFORMATION ARISING OUT OF THE
USE, THE RESULTS OF USE, OR INABILITY TO USE SUCH SOFTWARE, OR DAMAGE OF
LOSS CAUSED BY THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES OR CLAIM.


                                TERM

This license is effective until terminated or for a maximum period of
not more than sixty (60) days, whichever is shorter. You may terminate
this license by destroying the Software and documentation and all copies
thereof. This license is conditioned upon your continued compliance with
its terms and will terminate automatically and irrevocably if you fail
to comply with any term or condition of this Agreement. Upon any
termination you agree to destroy all copies of the Software and
documentation in your possession or control.


                    EXPORT LAWS; GOVERNMENT USERS

If you export, re-export or import the Software, then you assume
responsibility for complying with applicable laws and regulations and
for obtaining required export and import authorizations. Specifically,
but without limitation, you agree that the Software will not be exported
outside the United States (i) into any country (or to a national or
resident of any such country) as to which the U.S. has embargoed goods,
(ii) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially
Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Deny
Orders, or (iii) otherwise in violation of or as prohibited by the laws,
rules, regulations or administrative orders of the United States, or any
unit, agency, or department thereof. By opening or downloading the
software, you are agreeing to the foregoing and are representing and
warranting that you are not located in, under the control of, or a
national or resident of any such country, on any such list or order, or
subject to any such prohibition.

Use, duplication, and disclosure of the Software by the U.S. Government
is subject to restrictions set forth in this Agreement, which
incorporates all applicable FAR provisions; without limitation, you
agree that the Software is delivered as "commercial computer software"
as defined in DFARS 252.227-7014 (June 1995) or as a "commercial item"
as defined in FAR 2.101(a), or as "restricted computer software" as
defined in FAR 52.227-19 (Jun 1987) (or any equivalent agency regulation
or contract clause), whichever is applicable. If the Software is
licensed for use in the performance of a U.S. government prime contract
or subcontract, you agree that the Software has been developed entirely
at private expense.


                                GENERAL

This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York
without regard to principles of conflicts of laws and shall inure to the
benefit of Scalix, Inc., its successors, and assigns. Any disputes
relating hereto shall be adjudicated in the state or federal courts
located in borough of New York in the State of New York, and you hereby
consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of said courts for any such
disputes. If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any
provision of this license, or portion thereof, to be unenforceable, that
provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to
effect the intent of the parties, and the remainder of this license
shall continue in full force and effect.

YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT, UNDERSTAND
IT, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS. YOU FURTHER AGREE
THAT THIS IS THE COMPLETE AND EXCLUSIVE AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES.




               SCALIX COMMUNITY EDITION LICENSE AGREEMENT

This is a software license agreement between you, which means your
organization, enterprise, or other association or you personally if you
intend to use Scalix Community Edition personally ("You") and Scalix,
Inc. ("Scalix", "We", or "Us"). Your acceptance of this license
agreement is required before installing and using Scalix Community
Edition.

            No-Cost License & Limited Functionality

This license does not require that You pay anything to Scalix. Subject
to Your full compliance with all of the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, Scalix grants to You a non-exclusive, non-transferable
royalty-free worldwide license to install and use the Scalix Community
Edition solely with the Active Features (defined below). Scalix
Community Edition provides up to ten "full functionality" premium user
accounts, and an unlimited number of standard user accounts. You may
configure and use such accounts as You wish. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, You acknowledge that certain features of the Scalix Community
Edition may not be used without a Scalix Enterprise Edition or Scalix
Small Business Edition license. For a list of the active features that
You are permitted to use with the Scalix Community Edition license,
please see http://www.scalix.com/enterprise/products/compare.php
("Active Features").

You agree that You shall not use any prohibited or non-licensed features
("Non-Active Features") without first entering into the appropriate
license agreement with Scalix and using the license keys issued by
Scalix required in order to access and use such Non-Active Features.

                Sharing Scalix Community Edition

You may not distribute, transfer, assign, loan, lease, or otherwise make
available the Scalix Software to any third party except in accordance
with the terms hereof. If You wish to share Scalix Community Edition
with others, You may do so provided that all of the terms of this
license agreement are followed and accepted by others.

                Reselling Scalix Community Edition

If You wish to resell Scalix Community Edition, or otherwise offer
Scalix Community Edition to others or for others' use for a fee of any
sort, please contact Scalix Sales at info@scalix.com. You must contact
Scalix and receive the prior written approval of Scalix prior to
offering Scalix Community Edition to others for a fee.

Software Ownership; Software Protection

Your rights are defined in this license agreement. Except as otherwise
provided herein, Scalix and its licensors retain all right, title, and
interest in and to the Scalix Community Edition, including all
intellectual property rights therein or relating thereto. You agree that
You will not use any Non-Active Features of the Scalix Community
Edition. You agree that You will not reverse engineer, translate,
disassemble, decompile, modify, or otherwise derive the source code of
Scalix Community Edition, nor will You attempt to do so or permit others
to do so (except to the extent reverse engineering restrictions are
expressly prohibited by applicable local law, and then only to the
extent so prohibited or controlled). You agree that You will not "hack"
or otherwise attempt to modify the behavior of Scalix Community Edition
for any reason. You agree that You will not remove or alter any
copyright notices or other proprietary notices in Scalix Community
Edition or any documentation relating thereto.

From time to time Scalix may develop and release software or
documentation intended for use with Scalix Enterprise Edition or Scalix
Small Business Edition. You may not use nor attempt to use such software
in conjunction with Scalix Community Edition. The Scalix Community
Edition is intended for Your lawful use. You agree not to download,
install, or use Scalix Community Edition if so doing would be a
violation of applicable law. You agree not to publish performance
benchmark results for Scalix Community Edition without Scalix's prior
written consent. You may seek such consent by contacting Scalix at
info@scalix.com.

Verification of Proper Usage and Remote Functionality

We expect that the vast majority of users of Scalix Community Edition
will comply with the terms of this license agreement. However, in order
to ensure that users are not wilfully violating any of the terms of this
agreement, You agree to cooperate with Us and produce any records or
other materials related to Your use of Scalix Community Edition upon our
reasonable request. You acknowledge that the Scalix Community Edition
includes features that will periodically send messages to Scalix with
certain statistical and other information about Your usage, including,
without limitation, the number of mailboxes You are using, Your version
of the Scalix Community Edition, the operating system that You are
using, and other hardware data.

Each time that the Scalix Community Edition sends such a message to
Scalix, Your system administrator will receive a copy of the message.
You hereby grant Scalix a perpetual, irrevocable right to use the
foregoing functionality to gather such information for aggregate,
statistical and compliance purposes.

                        Support and Updates

If You encounter difficulties in installing or using Scalix Community
Edition, We encourage You to visit our user forum at
http://www.scalix.com/forums/. We may from time to time offer support
plans for our Community Edition users. We may also issue updates,
patches, fixes, or enhancements to Scalix Community Edition, and such
updates may alter the functionality of Scalix Community Edition. If You
have opted to receive communications from Scalix, We will make
reasonable efforts to promptly notify You of the availability of such
updates. You may upgrade to any new version of Scalix Community Edition
during the term of this license agreement, provided that Scalix shall
only provide support for the current version and one prior version.

                        Limited Warranty

Scalix warrants that, to the best of our knowledge, Scalix Community
Edition does not contain any virus, Trojan horse, worm, or other
malicious code. OTHER THAN THE FOREGOING WARRANTY, THE SCALIX COMMUNITY
EDITION SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND SCALIX AND ITS LICENSORS
EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY,
INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OF TITLE,
NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE, OR
ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR USAGE OF
TRADE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OR LIMITATIONS ON APPLICABLE STATUTORY RIGHTS OF A CONSUMER,
SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION AND LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

                            Indemnity

If You desire an indemnification agreement of any sort from Scalix,
please contact Us to explore a purchase of Scalix Enterprise Edition or
Scalix Small Business Edition at info@scalix.com. Scalix does not
provide any indemnities for the Scalix Community Edition.

                Termination of this License Agreement

You may terminate this license agreement, including your rights and
obligations contained herein, by uninstalling all instances of Scalix
Community Edition and destroying any copy or backup of the Scalix
Community Edition software, the downloaded installation package, and any
accompanying documentation. Scalix may terminate this license agreement
immediately if You breach the terms of this agreement, or in the event
that a court of competent jurisdiction determines that Scalix Community
Edition infringes the proprietary rights of a third party. Upon the
termination of this Agreement for any reason, You shall cease all use of
the Scalix Community Edition.

                        Limitation of Liability

IN NO CIRCUMSTANCE WILL SCALIX OR ITS LICENSORS HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO
YOU OR ANYONE CLAIMING THROUGH YOU FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY LOST PROFITS, LOST
DATA, EQUIPMENT DOWNTIME, IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF THIS LICENSE
AGREEMENT OR THE INSTALLATION OR USE OF SCALIX COMMUNITY EDITION,
HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, EVEN IF SCALIX HAS
BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT SHALL
SCALIX'S CUMULATIVE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED
FIVE-HUNDRED DOLLARS ($500.00). THESE LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY
NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY REMEDY. THE
PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THIS SECTION IS AN ESSENTIAL ELEMENT
OF THE BARGAIN AND ABSENT THIS SECTION THE ECONOMIC TERMS OF THIS
AGREEMENT WOULD BE SUBSTANTIALLY DIFFERENT. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT
ALLOW THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR PERSONAL INJURY, OR OF INCIDENTAL
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THIS LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

                    U.S. Government Usage

If this license is acquired under a U.S. Government contract, use,
duplication, and disclosure of Scalix Community Edition and any
accompanying documentation by the U.S. Government is subject to
restrictions set forth in this license agreement, which incorporates all
applicable FAR provisions; without limitation, You agree that Scalix
Community Edition is delivered as "commercial computer software" as
defined in DFARS 252.227-7014 (June 1995) or as a "commercial item" as
defined in FAR 2.101(a), or as "restricted computer software" as defined
in FAR 52.227-19 (Jun 1987) (or any equivalent agency regulation or
contract clause), whichever is applicable. If Scalix Community Edition
is licensed for use in the performance of a U.S government prime
contract or subcontract, You agree that Scalix Community Edition has
been developed entirely at private expense. You agree that Scalix
Community Edition is adequately marked when the restricted rights legend
below is affixed to software or to its storage media and is perceptible
directly or with the aid of a machine or device. You agree to
conspicuously put the following legend on the Scalix Community Edition
media with your name and address added below the notice:

                        RESTRICTED RIGHTS LEGEND

Use, duplication or disclosure is subject to Scalix's and its licensors'
standard commercial license terms and for non-DOD Departments and
Agencies of the U.S. Government, the restrictions as set forth in FAR
52.227-19(c)(1-2)(Jun 1987).

Scalix, Inc.
149 Madison Avenue
Suite 302
New York, NY 10016 USA.
Copyright (c) 2007-2008 Scalix, Inc. All Rights Reserved.


                                Export

If You export, re-export or import Scalix Community Edition, You assume
responsibility for complying with applicable laws and regulations and
for obtaining required export and import authorizations.

                            Miscellaneous

This Agreement constitutes the complete agreement between the parties
with respect to the use of the Scalix Community Edition software
licensed hereunder and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous
understandings regarding such subject matter. This Agreement may be
amended only by a writing executed by a senior officer of Scalix. The
failure of Scalix to act with respect to a breach of this Agreement by
You or others does not constitute a waiver and shall not limit Scalix's
rights with respect to such breach or any subsequent breaches. Scalix
expressly reserves the right to assign this Agreement and to delegate
any of its obligations hereunder. You may not assign, delegate or
otherwise transfer (whether by operation of law or otherwise) this
Agreement or any of Your rights or obligations hereunder without the
prior written consent of Scalix. If any provision of this license
agreement is unenforceable, such provision will be changed to accomplish
its objectives to the greatest extent possible under applicable law and
the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect.
Exclusive jurisdiction and venue of any actions arising out of, or
relating to or in any way connected with this license agreement or
Scalix Community Edition will be in New York County, New York if in
state court, and in the Southern District of New York if in Federal
Court. Your and our respective rights and obligations under this license
agreement shall not be governed by the provisions of the 1980 United
Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods or
the United Nations Convention on the Limitation Period in the
International Sale of Goods, as amended. This license agreement will be
governed in all respects by the laws of the State of New York, without
application of its conflicts of laws principles, and without regard to
the provisions of any state Uniform Computer Information Transactions
Act or similar federal or state laws or regulations. You agree that any
rule of construction to the effect that ambiguities are to be resolved
against the drafting party will not be applied in the construction or
interpretation of this license agreement.

IF I AM DOWNLOADING THE SOFTWARE, THEN BY CLICKING BELOW, I AM
INDICATING THAT I HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD AND AM AGREEING TO THE TERMS AND
CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT.




                     SCALIX ENTERPRISE EDITION AND
                   SCALIX SMALL BUSINESS EDITION AND
                SCALIX HOSTING EDITION LICENSE AGREEMENT

If you have entered into a binding, written agreement with Scalix, Inc.
governing the license of Scalix Enterprise Edition or Scalix Small
Business Edition or Scalix Hosting Edition software, then such written
agreement shall be operative and the following license terms are not
applicable. If you have not entered into a binding written license
agreement with Scalix Inc., then the terms and conditions set forth
below shall govern your installation and use of the software.


1. DEFINITIONS

For purposes of this License Agreement (the "Agreement") the following
terms shall have the meanings set forth below:

1.1 "Customer" means your organization, enterprise, or other
association or you personally if you intend to use Scalix Enterprise
Edition or Scalix Small Business Edition personally.

1.2 "Documentation" means such manuals, guides, and other similar
publications relating to the applicable components of the Scalix that
Scalix generally provides to its licensees from time to time.

1.3 "Partner" means a distributor or reseller that has been
authorized by Scalix to resell the Scalix Software.

1.4 "Premium User" means an individual permitted by Customer to
access and use a fully-functional, MAPI-enabled mailbox on the Scalix
Software.

1.5 "Premium User License" or "PUL" means a license to configure
a fully-functional, MAPI-enabled, unique mailbox for a Scalix Software
for use by a Premium User via a supported client application, including
those using Scalix Connect for Outlook Software. Each PUL authorizes a
specific, identifiable, unique user mailbox, each of which may accessed
by any number of methods, such as Scalix Connect for Outlook software,
with a supported client application, independent client applications,
webmail applications or handheld devices.

1.6 "Scalix" means Scalix, Inc.

1.7 "Scalix Enterprise Edition Software" or "Enterprise Edition"
or "EE" means the Scalix Server Software, Scalix Connect Software, and
Scalix Web Access Software, in executable form, as well as any patches,
updates, or upgrades thereto, that Scalix provides to the Customer.

1.8 "Scalix Hosting Edition Software" or "Hosting Edition" or
"HE" means the Scalix Server Software, Scalix Connect Software, and
Scalix Web Access Software, in executable form, as well as any patches,
updates, or upgrades thereto, that Scalix provides to the Customer.

1.9 "Scalix Small Business Edition Software" or "Small Business
Edition" or "SBE" means the Scalix Server Software, Scalix Connect
Software, and Scalix Web Access Software, in executable form, as well as
any patches, updates, or upgrades thereto, that Scalix provides to the
Customer.

1.10 "Scalix Software" means any of the software programs
described in Sections 1.6, 1.7 or 1.8 hereof.

1.11 "Software Subscription Services" means those software update
and upgrade services described in the section identified as "SOFTWARE
SUBSCRIPTION SERVICE" herein.

1.12 "Standard User" means an individual permitted by Customer to
access and use a mailbox on the Scalix Server Software via Scalix
webmail applications, a supported client application, independent client
applications, but specifically excluding the use of Scalix Connect for
Outlook Software.


2. LICENSE GRANT

2.1 Enterprise Edition or Small Business Edition License Grant
for Scalix Server Software. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, Scalix grants Customer a perpetual, non-exclusive,
non-transferable, royalty-free, fully-paid, worldwide license (without
right to sublicense) to install and use the Scalix Server Software
internally in accordance with the Scalix Server Software Documentation.

2.2 Hosting Edition License Grant for Scalix Server Software.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Scalix grants
Customer either a perpetual, non-exclusive, non-transferable,
fully-paid, worldwide license (without right to sublicense) or a
time-limited, subscription-based, non-exclusive, non-transferable,
royalty-free, fully-paid, worldwide license (without right to
sublicense) to use the Scalix Hosting Edition Software to operate a
hosted or managed e-mail service for an unlimited number of persons or
entities outside of Customer's organization, enterprise or association,
depending on the type of purchase made. In the event that the Customer
purchases a time-limited, subscription-based Scalix Hosting Edition
License, Customer shall pay to Scalix a monthly subscription fee based
on the number of unique user mailboxes being used by Premium Users and
Standard Users. The fee payable shall be the amount per Premium User and
Standard User set out on Scalix's then current price list or agreed upon
in writing between Customer and Scalix. Customer shall pay the monthly
subscription fees to Scalix within 10 days of the end of each calendar
month for the preceding month.

2.3 Premium User License Grant. Subject to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, Scalix grants Customer a non-exclusive,
non-transferable, royalty-free, fully-paid, worldwide license (without
right to sublicense) to [use the Scalix Software] to configure that
number of unique mailboxes for Premium Users as Customer has paid for.
Further subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Customer
may reproduce the Scalix Connect Software in amounts necessary to enable
mailbox access for Premium Users, and to install and execute the Scalix
Connect Software on Premium Users' machines for use solely in
conjunction with the Scalix Server Software as per above license grant.

2.3 Standard User License Grant. Subject to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, Scalix grants Customer a non-exclusive,
non-transferable, royalty-free, fully-paid, worldwide license (without
right to sublicense) to [use the Scalix Software to ] configure that
number of unique mailboxes for Standard Users as Customer has paid for.

2.4 Licensing Restriction. Customer agrees not to cause or permit
the reverse engineering, translation, disassembly, or decompilation of,
or otherwise to attempt to derive the source code of any Scalix
Software, whether in whole or in part. Customer shall not itself, and
shall not permit or encourage any third party to, use the Scalix
Software on a service bureau basis, to rent, lease, distribute,
transfer, or make any derivative works of or changes, modifications, or
enhancements to the Scalix Software. Customer shall not disclose or
publish performance benchmark results for Scalix Software without
Scalix's written consent. Customer shall not use the Scalix Software in
any manner which is a violation of law or regulation.

2.5 Proprietary Notices. Customer shall not remove, alter,
efface, or obscure any copyright notices or other proprietary notices or
legends from any Scalix Software, or other material provided hereunder,
and Customer shall reproduce all such notices and legends whenever any
such notices appear in the Scalix Software or the Documentation.

2.6 Ownership. Except as specifically provided herein, Scalix and
its licensors retain all right, title, and interest, including all
intellectual property rights, in and to the Scalix Software. Except for
the express licenses granted in this section "LICENSE GRANT," Scalix and
its licensors reserve all rights in and to the Scalix Software.

2.7 Evidence of Compliance. Upon request of Scalix, Customer
shall promptly, and in any event within thirty (30) days, provide Scalix
with any and all evidence reasonably necessary to confirm Customer's
compliance with the provisions of this section "LICENSE GRANT".


3. LICENSE FEES AND REPORTING

3.1 License Fees. This Agreement is valid only if Customer (or a
Partner if Customers purchases the Scalix Software through a Scalix
Partner) pays to Scalix the agreed-upon aggregate license fees for
purchases of perpetual licenses for the Scalix Software or the monthly
software subscription fees for purchases of time-limited
subscription-based licenses for Scalix Hosting Edition Software. All
such license fees are non-cancelable, non-refundable, and are payable in
United States or Euro currency in accordance with the terms of sale
dependent on the country in which the Customer is located.

3.2 Reporting and Auditing.

(a) Customer shall maintain complete, clear, and accurate accounting,
user and distribution records, in accordance with generally accepted
accounting practices, consistently applied, to support and document its
use of the Scalix Software pursuant to this Agreement. Customer shall,
upon written request from Scalix, provide access to such records to an
independent auditor chosen by Scalix for the purposes of audit and to
allow such auditor to make copies and summaries of such records.

(b) Scalix shall have the right, upon 48 hours' prior notice to
Customer, at Scalix's sole expense and in as non-disrupting a manner as
reasonably possible, to audit Customer's server(s) to verify Customer's
compliance with its obligations hereunder. Customer shall permit up to 2
such audits per year.

(c) If any such audit discloses a shortfall in the reporting of the
number of Scalix Software User Licenses, Customer shall immediately pay
all license fees and late fees associated with such shortfall and, if
the shortfall is more than five percent (5%) for any period, Customer
agrees to pay or reimburse Scalix for the expenses of such audit.


4. LIMITED WARRANTIES

4.1 Limited Warranty. Scalix warrants that for a period of ninety
(90) days following delivery of the Scalix Software to Customer, the
Scalix Software will perform substantially in accordance with the
accompanying Documentation, provided that: (a) Customer remains a
compliant, continuous subscriber to Software Subscription Services and
has installed all patches or updates made available to Customer by
Scalix; (b) Customer is using the Scalix Software in accordance with
Scalix's hardware and software guidelines; (c) any error or defect
detected is reproducible by Scalix; (d) the performance issue, error, or
defect does not relate to third-party software; and (e) Customer
notifies Scalix of such non-conformance within the warranty period.
Neither Scalix nor its licensors represent or warrant that the Scalix
Software will be error-free or will operate without interruption. If
during the warranty period, as defined above, the Scalix Software fails
to perform in accordance with the warranty, Scalix shall use reasonable
commercial efforts to correct the failure of the Scalix Software to
perform in accordance with the warranty.

4.2 Warranty Disclaimer. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS
SECTION 4, SCALIX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS,
IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, WITH RESPECT TO THE SCALIX SOFTWARE, INCLUDING
ANY WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF
PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE.


5. SOFTWARE SUBSCRIPTION SERVICE

5.1 Software Subscription Service. So long as Customer remains a
compliant, continuing subscriber to Scalix's Software Subscription
Service, Scalix will make available to Customer all updates or upgrades
to the Scalix Software that it generally makes available to its
subscribers. In addition, as a continuing subscriber to Scalix's
Software Subscription Service, Customer shall have access to on-line
documentation, Scalix-produced webcasts, and Scalix's online download
center. From time to time Scalix may release an update that it deems an
"Essential Upgrade;" in such case, Customer shall promptly replace
superseded version of its Scalix Software with such Essential Upgrade.
Customer recognizes that the Scalix Enterprise Edition Software and
Scalix Small Business Edition Software operate as an integrated
technology and therefore agrees to employ the most recent version of the
Scalix Software as made available by Scalix to Customer. Failure of
Customer to comply with this Section will relieve Scalix of its warranty
obligations, indemnification obligations, and limit any liability of
Scalix or its licensors for any resulting damages, to the extent such
damages would have been avoided by Customer's compliance. If Customer
ceases to subscribe to the Software Subscription Service, Customer may
re-enroll only by paying all of the subscription service fees Customer
would have paid had Customer's subscription not lapsed.


6. SUPPORT SERVICES

6.1 Support Services. Scalix offers a variety of Support Services
as detailed on the Scalix website and in promotional materials from time
to time.


7. INDEMNIFICATION

7.1 Indemnity. Scalix shall defend or settle and pay any damages
finally awarded, claims, costs, and fees (including reasonable
attorneys' fees) with respect to any third-party claims brought against
Customer that the Scalix Enterprise Edition Software or Scalix Small
Business Edition Software as used within the scope of this Agreement
infringes any trade secret or United States copyright of any third
party, provided that (a) Customer notifies Scalix promptly in writing of
the claim; (b) Scalix has sole control of the defense and all related
settlement negotiations; and (c) Customer provides Scalix with all
necessary assistance, information, and authority to perform these
duties. To the extent that any delay by Customer in notifying Scalix
results in any cost, expense, or liability to Scalix which would
otherwise have been avoided, Scalix shall be relieved of its obligation
to indemnify and shall be entitled to deduct such amount from sums paid
or collect such amount from Customer.

7.2 Exclusions. Neither Scalix nor its licensors shall have any
liability for any claim of infringement based on or arising from (a) use
of any version other than the latest commercially available version of
the Scalix Software made available to Customer, to the extent the
infringement would have been avoided by use of such version; (b)
modification of the Scalix Software by Customer or any third party; (c)
use of the Scalix Software which exceeds the licenses granted by Scalix
hereunder; or (d) the combination or use of the Scalix Software
furnished hereunder with materials not furnished by Scalix to the extent
such infringement would have been avoided by use of the Scalix Software
alone.

7.3 Remedies. In the event the Scalix Software is held to, or
Scalix believes is likely to be held to, infringe any third-party
intellectual property rights, Scalix shall have the right at its sole
option and expense to (i) substitute or modify the Scalix Software so
that it is non-infringing, while retaining substantially equivalent
features and functionality as set forth in the Documentation; (ii)
obtain for Customer a license to continue using the Scalix Software
under commercially reasonable terms; or (iii) if (i) and (ii) are not
reasonably practicable as determined by Scalix, terminate this Agreement
as to the infringing Scalix Software and return to Customer the license
fees paid to Scalix with respect thereto, depreciated on a 5-year
straight-line basis from the purchase date in full and complete
satisfaction of Scalix's and its licensors' liability hereunder.

7.4 Sole Obligation. The foregoing indemnity states the sole
obligation and exclusive liability of Scalix and its licensors, and
Customer's sole recourse and remedy, for any claim of infringement of an
intellectual property right or proprietary right by the Scalix Software.


8. TERM AND TERMINATION

8.1 Term. This Agreement shall become effective on the earlier of
(1) the purchase date of the license between Scalix and Customer, and
(2) the installation of the Scalix Software, and shall remain in effect
unless terminated as permitted by this Agreement.

8.2 Termination. If at any time, either party defaults in a
payment or other material obligation under this Agreement and, in the
case of breaches capable of cure (other than the payment of license or
other fees payable to Scalix), fails to completely cure such default for
a period of thirty (30) days after written notice of default from the
non-breaching party, the non-breaching party may immediately terminate
this Agreement, upon written notice of termination given to the
defaulting party. Scalix may terminate this Agreement by written notice
immediately upon any breach of sections "LICENSE GRANT," "LICENSE FEES
AND REPORTING," and "CONFIDENTIALITY." This Agreement shall terminate
upon the election of and notice from a party to the other if the other
party is adjudged insolvent or bankrupt, or the institution of any
proceedings by or against the other party seeking relief, reorganization
or arrangement under any laws relating to insolvency, or any assignment
for the benefit of creditors, or the appointment of a receiver,
liquidator or trustee of any of the other party's property or assets, or
the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the other party's
business.

8.3 Effect of Termination. Upon termination of this Agreement for
any reason, (i) all rights and licenses granted to Customer shall
automatically terminate, and (ii) Customer shall certify to Scalix that
all of the Scalix Software and Documentation in Customer's possession
has been destroyed or erased from Customer's equipment. Sections
"DEFINITIONS," "LICENSE FEES AND REPORTING," "LIMITED WARRANTIES,"
"INDEMNIFICATION," "CONFIDENTIALITY," "LIMITATION OF LIABILITY," and
"MISCELLANEOUS," and subsections "Proprietary Notices," "Ownership," and
"Effect of Termination" shall survive any expiration or termination of
this Agreement. Except as expressly provided otherwise in this
Agreement, (i) all remedies available to either party are cumulative and
not exclusive; and (ii) termination of this Agreement or any license
shall not limit either party from pursuing other remedies available to
it, including injunctive relief. Upon termination, all amounts owed
under this Agreement shall immediately become due and payable.


9. CONFIDENTIALITY

9.1 Definition. For purposes of this Agreement, "Confidential
Information" of a party means non-public information or materials
disclosed or otherwise provided by such party ("Disclosing Party") to
the other party ("Receiving Party") that are identified as confidential
or proprietary. This Agreement is expressly included in the definition
of "Confidential Information". Confidential Information does not
include that which (i) was known to the Receiving Party, without
restriction and without duty of confidentiality, at the time of
disclosure, as evidenced by the written records of Receiving Party, (ii)
is or becomes part of public knowledge other than as a result of any
action or inaction of the Receiving Party, (iii) is obtained by the
Receiving Party from an unrelated third party without a duty of
confidentiality, or (iv) is independently developed by the Receiving
Party without reliance upon or use of the Confidential Information of
the Disclosing Party.

9.2 Restrictions on Use and Disclosure. The Receiving Party shall
not use Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party for any purpose
other than in furtherance of this Agreement and the activities described
herein. The Receiving Party shall not disclose Confidential Information
of the Disclosing Party to any third parties except as otherwise
permitted hereunder. The Receiving Party may disclose Confidential
Information of the Disclosing Party only to those related parties who
have a need to know such Confidential Information and who are bound to
retain the confidentiality thereof under provisions no less restrictive
than those required by the Receiving Party for its own comparable
Confidential Information. The Receiving Party shall maintain
Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party with at least the same
degree of care it uses to protect its own proprietary information of a
similar nature or sensitivity, but in no event with less than reasonable
care.


10. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

IN NO EVENT SHALL SCALIX OR ITS LICENSORS HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO CUSTOMER
OR ANYONE CLAIMING THROUGH OR UNDER CUSTOMER FOR ANY INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS,
LOST DATA, EQUIPMENT DOWNTIME, IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT
AND HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, EVEN IF SCALIX HAS
BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT SHALL
SCALIX'S CUMULATIVE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE
AMOUNTS ACTUALLY PAID BY CUSTOMER TO SCALIX PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT
WITHIN THE TWELVE MONTHS PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO ANY SUCH
CLAIM. THESE LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF
ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY REMEDY. THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT
THIS SECTION IS AN ESSENTIAL ELEMENT OF THE BARGAIN AND ABSENT THIS
SECTION THE ECONOMIC TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT WOULD BE SUBSTANTIALLY
DIFFERENT.


11. MISCELLANEOUS

All notices under this Agreement must be delivered in writing by
courier, by electronic facsimile, or by certified or registered mail,
(postage prepaid and return receipt requested) to the other party at the
address set forth on the cover page hereto (or such other address
designated by a party in writing), and will be effective upon receipt or
three (3) business days after being deposited in the mail as required
above, whichever occurs sooner. If Customer exports, re-exports or
imports the Scalix Enterprise Edition Software, Scalix Small Business
Edition Software or Documentation, then Customer assumes responsibility
for complying with applicable laws and regulations and for obtaining
required export and import authorizations. Scalix may suspend
performance if Customer is in violation of any applicable laws or
regulations. Neither party shall be liable to the other in any way
whatsoever for any failure or delay in performance of any of the
obligations under this Agreement (other than obligations to make
payment), arising out of any event or circumstance beyond the reasonable
control of such party (including, without limitation, war, rebellion,
civil commotion, strikes, lock-outs or industrial disputes; fire,
explosion, earthquake, acts of God, flood, drought or bad weather; the
unavailability of deliveries, supplies, software, disks or other media
or the requisitioning or other act or order by any government
department, council or other constituted body). All waivers must be in
writing. Any waiver or failure to enforce any provision of this
Agreement on one occasion will not be deemed a waiver of any other
provision or of such provision on any other occasion. Customer's
relationship to Scalix is that of an independent contractor, and neither
party is an agent or partner of the other. Either party may individually
issue a press release discussing Customer's plans to use, or the use of,
Scalix Enterprise Edition Software or Scalix Small Business Edition
Software, and/or any publicly available information describing Scalix's
or Customer's businesses, products or services. Customer consents to the
use of its name on Scalix customer lists. Upon the request of Scalix,
Customer will act as a reference for Scalix. If any provision of this
Agreement is unenforceable, such provision will be changed to accomplish
the objectives of such provision to the greatest extent possible under
applicable law and the remaining provisions will continue in full force
and effect. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts and signature
pages may be transmitted by facsimile, each of which will be considered
an original, but all of which together will constitute the same
instrument. Customer may not assign or delegate this Agreement or its
rights or duties hereunder (by operation of law or otherwise) without
the express written consent of Scalix. Any assignment not in conformity
with the foregoing will be null and void. If this license is acquired
under a U.S. Government contract, use, duplication, and disclosure of
the Scalix Enterprise Edition Software, Scalix Small Business Edition
Software and Documentation by the U.S. Government is subject to
restrictions set forth in this Agreement, which incorporates all
applicable FAR provisions; without limitation, Customer agrees that the
Scalix Enterprise Edition Software or Scalix Small Business Edition
Software is delivered as "commercial computer software" as defined in
DFARS 252.227-7014 (June 1995) or as a "commercial item" as defined in
FAR 2.101(a), or as "restricted computer software" as defined in FAR
52.227-19 (Jun 1987) (or any equivalent agency regulation or contract
clause), whichever is applicable. If the Scalix Enterprise Edition
Software or Scalix Small Business Edition Software is licensed for use
in the performance of a U.S government prime contract or subcontract,
Customer agrees that the Scalix Enterprise Edition Software or Scalix
Small Business Edition Software has been developed entirely at private
expense. Customer agrees that the Scalix Enterprise Edition Software or
Scalix Small Business Edition Software, and any derivatives or
modifications, is adequately marked when the restricted rights legend
below is affixed to the Scalix Enterprise Edition Software, Scalix Small
Business Edition Software or to its storage media and is perceptible
directly or with the aid of a machine or device. Customer agrees to
conspicuously put the following legend on the Scalix Enterprise Edition
Software or Scalix Small Business Edition Software media with Customer's
name and address added below the notice:


RESTRICTED RIGHTS LEGEND

Use, duplication or disclosure is subject to Scalix's and its licensors'
standard commercial license terms and for non-DOD Departments and
Agencies of the U.S. Government, the restrictions as set forth in FAR
52.227-19(c)(1-2)(Jun 1987).

Scalix, Inc.
149 Madison Avenue
Suite 302
New York, NY 10016 USA.
Copyright (c) 2007-2008 Scalix, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

This Agreement will be governed in all respects by the laws of the State
of New York, without application of its conflicts of laws principles,
and without regard to the provisions of any state Uniform Computer
Information Transactions Act or similar federal or state laws or
regulations. Exclusive jurisdiction and venue of any actions arising out
of, or relating to or in any way connected with this Agreement, its
negotiation or termination, or the Scalix Enterprise Edition Software,
Scalix Small Business Edition Software or Documentation provided or to
be provided by Scalix, will be in New York County, New York if in state
court, and in the Southern District of New York if in Federal Court. In
any litigation in which the parties are adverse, the parties agree to
waive their respective rights to a trial by jury. The rights and
obligations of the parties under this Agreement shall not be governed by
the provisions of the 1980 United Nations Convention on Contracts for
the International Sale of Goods or the United Nations Convention on the
Limitation Period in the International Sale of Goods, as amended.

This Agreement may be amended only by a written document signed by both
parties that specifically references this Agreement. No purchase order
or other document that purports to modify or supplement this Agreement
will add to or vary the terms of the Agreement, and all proposed
variations or additions (whether submitted by Scalix or Customer) are
deemed material and objected to unless otherwise agreed to in a writing
signed by both parties.

The parties hereto agree that any rule of construction to the effect
that ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party will not
be applied in the construction or interpretation of this Agreement. As
used in this Agreement, the words "include" and "including," and
variations thereof, will not be deemed to be terms of limitation.

